Add release notes for rstudio-pro#7621 (#15939)
rstudio/rstudio: version/news/NEWS-2025.04.0-mariposa-orchid.md

- Introduced audited Workbench jobs to provide auditing information alongside Workbench job output (rstudio-pro#7418, rstudio-pro#7569, rstudio-pro#7571, rstudio-pro#7581, rstudio-pro#7935)
- Sessions now set the environment variable `SPARK_CONNECT_USER_AGENT` to `posit-workbench-rstudio`, `posit-workbench-positron`, `posit-workbench-jupyter`, or `posit-workbench-vscode` depending on the session type (rstudio-pro#7970)
- Sessions now set the environment variable `SF_PARTNER` to `posit_workbench_rstudio`, `posit_workbench_positron`, `posit_workbench_jupyter`, or `posit_workbench_vscode` depending on the session type (rstudio-pro#7970)

> - Updated dependencies for JupyterLab extension to address security vulnerablites (rstudio-pro#7621)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated dependencies for the JupyterLab extension to address security vulnerabilities (rstudio-pro#7621)
```
